
Tronxy x5sa purchasing comments
(In case you're interested) - it’s available on the Tronxy official store 
on aliexpress for around $250 USD for the base model (not PRO).

I have this printer, the 330x330x400h one.  I rather like it.  It prints 
very well, though tbf not as well as my Prusa i3 MKS3+ but that cost like 
4 times the price so that’s quite reasonable IMHO.  I have purchased the 
full bill of materials parts for turning it into a VzBot too; though that 
is a longer term project.

The VzBot is the fastest 3D printer that has a large build plate on the 
planet.  I have bought all the plastic sheeting and dibond sheets for the 
casing and furthermore, I have picked up all the parts for doing the 
Triple Z mod to remove levelling pain.

Here is a build guide (it’s for the pro (DO NOT BUY THE PRO, IT’S A WORSE 
PRINTER!!!) - Notably the Pro is much harder to upgrade to a VzBot...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN-2KeuzAKs
You may find this video of interest too in case you want to see what the 
printer looks like before purchase; also, he shows some example prints he 
got from it IIRC.

Bear in mind, the Tronxy x5sa upgrade to a VzBot is not a simple project 
and will require patience and a fair amount of DIY effort; there is little 
handholding, though there are plenty of online resources to assist you 
with that. Notably there is a VzBot discord where they can probably help 
out if you get stuck and don't ask an utterly stupid question without even 
making an effort of some kind of your own first.

Tronxy x5sa Upgrades

Some simple but IMHO essential upgrades for the Tronxy x5sa default 
(assuming you aren't going to do the full VzBot upgrade later) include the 
following:

1) These corner brackets for stiffness of the frame so you can go at 
higher speeds/accelerations:
https://smile.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B08YYLRZDX/

2) A 330x330mm Tronxy PEI sheet (or whatever size you bought/plan to buy) 
since the default one that comes with it is awful. You can buy these off 
AliExpress and live with the crap one for a short while; unless you can 
source one of the right size elsewhere; I suggest you go for a textured 
though to allow for materials other than just PLA.

3) Optional: Switch out the base PTFE tubing for Capricorn tubing.

4) Optional: A Raspberry Pi, which if you live in the UK or EU, you can 
pick up as a kit from https://www.thepihut.com/ 

5) Also optional: You can klipperise the Tronxy. I've written a guide 
here: https://github.com/oernster/tronxy-klipper-setup

VzBot links

Primary link:
https://github.com/VzBoT3D/VzBoT-Vz330

Sourcing stuff… (note most stuff can be sourced from AliExpress)
https://ratrig.com/aluminium-profiles/v-slot-2020/v-slot-2020-black-custom.html
https://f3d-racing-fdm.myshopify.com/collections/vzbot-vz330?page=1
https://github.com/pbsuper/vzTrident
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xvMW6YaFaoX6A90eS0pwF839IJyR271-2l1dd-D7zmQ/edit#gid=0
https://github.com/pbsuper/VZTrident/tree/main/VZT330_400/TripleZ/VZT330_400/Magnet_Ball%20style/VZ330
https://github.com/VzBoT3D/VzBoT-Vz330/tree/master/Assemblies%20BOM%20and%20STL/Vz-HextrudORT
https://github.com/VzBoT3D/VzBoT-Vz330/tree/master/Assemblies%20BOM%20and%20STL/PrintHeads/Vz-Print%20Head%20Alu-CF/MGN9%20version


